So, the next thing that we're gonna
do is we're gonna take a look
at the 750 pixel break point.
And so this is between 750 pixels and
up at this point in time,
we're going to have our featured
card over here on the left side.
We're going to have two cards next to it.
Notice those cards are missing their
paragraphs of information, protip, okay?
And then underneath of that, we're gonna
have our other two photo cards next to
each other, and all beautifully lined up.
And then finally down here at the bottom,
we are going to have three headlines.
There are going to be horizontally
next to each other, okay?
And what I've said here is that you
may find you want another media query
around 875.
And the idea here might be just
to tweak things a little bit.
Things may start looking a little
bit wonky in terms of their layouts.
Putting in a second media query here will
allow you to tweak things a little bit and
make it look prettier.
Okay, well, next thing to do, see if you
can make this particular layout happen.
Remember, these two cards over here have
a slightly different treatment in terms of
their content than the cards that
are down here on the bottom.
All right, so hopefully you were able to
work through that next media query and
get us to the next design as shown here.
We're going to try to fit
our picture of Mimas and
the Death Star over here
on the left hand column.
We're going to stack up two cards.
Notice that they're missing
their text underneath.
Stack those up on the right hand side, and
then we're going to have
the remaining two cards underneath.
And we're going to have our three
headlines in a row underneath of that.
So let's go through
that particular layout.
So I'm going to start with what?
>> At media and min-width 750.
At media and min-width 750 pixels.
So at at least 750 pixels,
do these things.
I need to change the layout of my page.
So I'm gonna go to .photo-cards, and
I'm going to say, grid-template-columns,
and I'm going to say repeat (4, 1fr).
So I'm gonna have four columns
going across the page.
That kinda gets us close,
actually, just like that.
But obviously,
there's a little bit more work to do here.
And then I'm going to say
grid-template-rows: repeat, 3, auto.
It's actually what we had before.
I'm kind of repeating myself a little bit.
And I'm going to add to this
a border-top of 1 pixel solid ccc.
That will put one line
across the top right here.
Okay, so we're putting it on photo-cards.
It's on the outside, so this will give us
a big line across the top of the page.
Okay, then for our cards themselves,
we want them to just have one
column at this point in time.
So grid-template-columns,
1fr, one single column.
Thank you very much.
We're gonna continue, though.
It looks like it, quote, didn't work.
And the reason why is because earlier,
we assigned positions for
our h2s, for images for
our text, and so forth.
And so
sometimes when you make this change,
it looks like it doesn't work initially.
It just means we have a little bit
more overriding that we have to do.
And then I'm going to say my
grid-template-rows within my card,
I'm gonna make use of minmax here.
Minmax, 0, 0.7fr,
so between 0 and 0.7,
minmax, 0, 1fr and auto.
So I'm really spelling out exactly
how big I want each row to be.
And this has to do with our sub grid and
making sure that the layout works here.
Okay, then,
For my first card, my first child,
we're going to say its grid-column is 1/4.
So that is going to span it
over the first three columns.
There we go,
spanning over the first three columns.
I have one card remaining
over here on the side.
So I actually want two stories over
here on the side of this card,
so I'm going to need to say grid-row 1/3.
And that'll give me two
stories over on the side.
My second card, nth-child 2.
I'm going to say our grid-column is
4/5, and my grid row is 1/2.
So that's gonna put my Titan article
over here on one side of this, and
then grid, sorry, card nth-child 3.
We're gonna say grid-column 4/5,
and grid-row 1, sorry, 2/3.
So, now we have our two cards
stacked on top of each other.
See that I've got Titan.
And I've got, I think it's
Enceladus next to it at the bottom.
And my initial card is spanning
all the way down that.
They look kinda long.
And the part of the problem is
that these two cards still have
their text displaying.
In our mockup, we showed that there was
no text displaying at that point in time.
The other thing, of course, is that
our layouts are not quite right here.
We've got our headline next to the image.
We actually wanna have
the headline on top of the image.
So we have some more tweaking to do there.
So I'm gonna continue on with
my nth-child 2 and 3 here.
You could combine these as styles here for
both of those have got images.
So we're gonna say .card nth-child 2,
.card:nth-child 3.
Well, the word is Titan and Enceladus.
What are we gonna do with their images?
img, img.
We are going to put their images in
grid-column 1/2, okay?
So now we have this weird thing
going on where we have the image,
we have the paragraph, and then we have
the heading, and then we have the button.
Isn't grid fun?
Okay, and
then we need to deal with that text issue.
So, this is actually a very
similar looking next style.
I'm just gonna copy that one.
And I'm going to change this to .text.
So this is the paragraph, and
I'm going to say display none.
And that'll get rid of those
paragraphs of text, okay?
So now I have my two cards
stacked on top of each other, and
they are next to the one here with Mimas.
Okay, now for the fourth and
fifth child down here at the bottom,
can anybody tell me what's going on here?
So we've got these sort of
smashed over here on the sid.
And in our design, we wanna have them kind
of stretching across the whole area here.
So what is a change that I need to
make to these two cards to make them
stretch across this whole area?
Can you kind of describe
what I need to do?
>> 2 out of 3 instead of, sorry,
1 outta 2 instead of 2 outta 3.
The fractions are wrong.
>> Yeah, there's something going
on with the fractions here.
So right now we have each
card taking up one column.
These bottom two cards, we need to
have each card take up two columns.
And that would stretch this
all the way across the page.
Makes sense?
Okay, so
let's write some styles to do that.
>> 2 out of 4 instead of 1 out of 3.
>> Yeah, yeah, so card nth-child 4.
We're gonna say grid-column 1/3,
that will span us across two columns,
yeah.
And grid-row 3/4, that'll put
us right where we are right now.
It's also going to link
us into the subgrid,
and we'll also address that
grid-template-columns, subgrid.
There we go.
And then we're gonna do basically
the same thing for our fifth card.
The numbers are a little bit different.
We're gonna say 3/5 instead, and subgrid.
So, once they're both on the subgrid,
then they lay out really, really nicely.
We have our two columns,
we have our headline next to the image,
we have our paragraph underneath, and our
buttons and everything is all lined up and
looking pretty.
Yeah.
>> Sorry, I definitely remember
asking about this yesterday, but
I guess I thought that grid-column
meant that it was starting at
the third column and
continuing to the fifth column.
Right, so if we were counting lines here,
all the way over here,
just to the left of the first card,
that's line number one.
>> Lines, okay.
>> Line number 1,
in the middle would be line number 2.
In between here, this is line number 3.
4 comes in between these two,
and 5 is at the very edge.
Yeah, remember, you can always
look at your developer tools and
it will show you all of the numbers
right there in your developer tools.
Okay, and then the last part here are
these headlines down here at the bottom.
We wanna put these all right
next to each other in a row.
So let us add the styles there for that.
We're going to go to additional.
That is the class of my ul there.
I'm gonna say padding 0.
We're gonna switch it over
to no padding at all.
We're going to say display
grid, grid-template-columns,
repeat, 3,1fr, okay?
So that puts them all next to
each other just like that.
There they are.
And then we can give them
a little bit of a gap,
column gap, 1rem, and
we can give them a border on the bottom,
1 pixel solid ccc.
And then for the li's themselves,
.additional li.
All of those li's, you're not really
gonna be able to see it right now,
but what I've got is I've got
sort of three lines down here on
the bottom underneath
each one of these items.
So what I'm gonna do is turn that
off by saying border-bottom none.
That will get rid of those
three individual lines, and
it will be replaced by the one
ul line that I've got there, so
that will be continuous instead of
having spaces in the middle of it.
And I'm gonna add a border-right
1 pixel solid ccc.
And if I spell additional right,
everything will work.
Here we go, okay?
And then finally, for the last child,
we may not wanna have borders
associated with it at all because
a lot of these are repetitive.
So, we could always just turn them off
by saying additional li last-child.
And we can say border none.
Okay, [SOUND] so
we made it through that one.
How are you doing so far, okay?
So this is currently at around 750 pixels.
One of the things that happens
on our way to 1000 pixels,
if you watch particularly these bottom two
cards here, is as the screen gets bigger,
what's gonna happen is our text starts
to slide behind the pictures, okay?
That is not something that we really want.
So around 875 pixels,
determined by just kinda
sliding this around and
taking look at numbers, around 875 pixels,
we many wanna add another media query.
And this is gonna be
a min-width of 875 pixels.
And here for our card, we're gonna say
our grid-template-columns are 1fr,
and our grid-template-rows are gonna have
different heights than
what they had before.
So before we had, Up here,
we had one set of heights for
our columns, now we're gonna change those,
and I'm going to set them to be,
minmax of 0,
1fr, and auto.
And that'll fix that particular problem.
So, as we grow those particular cards,
they will continue to not
be behind the picture,
which is what we want so
the text continues to be readable.
So never be afraid to add some of these
little minor media queries in here
just to make those little
tweaks along the way.
You don't have to stick with just
the media queries that you're given.
If you need to make little minor media
query tweaks along the way to keep
your design looking good,
you should absolutely do that.